All right.
So let's do the Expo one first.
So I'm going to show how to add
navigation to both of them.
But Expo will be quite simple,
it'll be quite straightforward.
For pure React Native,
there'll be more extra steps as always.
So let's do Expo.
Let's open your terminal in
your project directory and
you can use npm install or
yarn install, and
you'll want to install react
navigation dash native.
And then the next thing you
wanna do is you wanna install.
So this installs all
the native dependencies.
Here's an example of where Expo
has done some work for you.
So we use Expo install rather than NPM
install, and these are all the packages
that basically are necessary in
order to make navigation work.
So let's just copy this whole thing and
run it.
And the last thing you want to do,
I've actually been using my React Native
app rather than, okay, I'll just do this.
Your input to navigation container.
And you go to your App.js,
and you add the import here.
And then you just take the navigation
container and wrap your whole app in it.
Cool.
Yeah, so that's that's pretty much it.
The reason this doesn't work for
me is because I use the native
application for my example.
But if you refresh your app and
it still works,
that basically means that
you've installed it correctly.